---
title: PoisonRose2022《LittleBangTheory》24BitHi-ResFLAC519MB分轨
date: 2022-10-09 07:16:22
categories: 古典音乐、新世纪、纯音雅乐
tags: 纯音雅乐
---
# PoisonRose2022《LittleBangTheory》24BitHi-Res[FLAC519MB]分轨

简介:
Artist: Poison Rose
Title: Little Bang Theory
Year Of Release: 2022
Label: Frontiers Records
s.r.l.
Genre: Rock, Melodic Metal
Quality:  24-bit/44.1kHz
FLAC
Total Time: 00:38:06
Total Size: 519 MB
Poison Rose is a new project centered around
vocalist Marco Sivo, a songwriter and backing vocalist on multiple
releases from the Frontiers label. Frontiers' President Serafino
Perugino wanted to put him in the spotlight and showcase his
talents as a songwriter and singer, thus Poison Rose was born. The
debut album, "Little Bang Theory" features 11 contemporary hard
rock songs with in-your-face performances and haunting
melodies.
Brought to the label's attention by producer
Alessandro Del Vecchio, Marco Sivo has written songs for albums by
Gioeli-Castronovo, Lovekillers feat. Tony Harnell, and Sweet
Oblivion feat. Geoff Tate and has also been featured as backing
vocalist on all of the Hell In The Club albums released by the
Frontiers label and on “Lifeblood” by Secret Sphere. When Perugino
talked to Del Vecchio about building a new project around Sivo’s
voice, it was a natural fit to surround Marco with musicians from
his circle of friends: Edo Sala (Sunstorm, Lovekillers), Aldo
Lonobile (Secret Sphere, Edge Of Forever), and Andrea Seveso (Robin
McAuley, Jorn). All three deliver the goods, as they always do, on
"Little Bang Theory", giving it a depth and identity that goes well
beyond a mere studio project.
Marco Sivo has been Italy’s best kept secret
for years. Since his last time fronting a band was with the
prog-metal band Time Machine on their last album “Reviviscence” in
2004, the time had come to bring him more in the public eye
fronting a new, fresh band that would be the right musical vehicle
for his vocal and writing abilities. (Sivo’s voice has also been
heard on national broadcast “Virgin Radio”, singing their official
jingle/anthem, so some of you might know his voice without
realizing it.)
Songs for "Little Bang Theory" were written by
Sivo with Alessandro Del Vecchio, Pete Alpenborg, Brett Jones,
Riccardo Canato, and upcoming talent Stefano
Mainini.
Line-Up:
Marco Sivo - Vocals
Andrea Seveso - Guitars
Aldo Lonobile - Guitars
Alessandro Del Vecchio - Bass, Keyboards,
Backing Vocals
Edo Sala - Drums
曲目:
1. Inner Wolf
2. Your Eyes Again
3. Devil (Knock On My Door)
4. Hearts Beat Loud
5. Set Us Free
6. Survive To You
7. Eternally, Wild And Free
8. River Of Dreams
9. Older Now
10. All Along The Way
11. Better Life
下载地址
Poison Rose 2022《Little Bang Theory》24 Bit Hi-Res [FLAC 519MB]
分轨.rar: https://url27.ctfile.com/f/9388027-690319327-1ebb32?p=559675
(访问密码: 559675)
原文：[链接](https://blog.sina.com.cn/s/blog_1647c7e7601030zty.html)