---
title: 大自然纯音系列《梦之诗》《山之诗》《浪之诗》5CDWAV+CUE
date: 2024-04-30 06:20:32
categories: 古典音乐、新世纪、纯音雅乐
tags: 纯音雅乐
---
# 大自然纯音系列《梦之诗》《山之诗》《浪之诗》5CD[WAV+CUE]

Poetry of the Dream 梦之诗
Nippon Columbia 1991
天龙刻字 1C1
演奏： 1-15 The Gene Cosmann Orchestra 16 Nordisle Bois
Orchestra
曲目：
01. Too Young
02. Pretend
03. Where the Boys Are
04. Mambo Italiano
05. Never on Sundry
06. Changing Partners
07. Mockin'Bird Hill
08. Three Coins in The fountain
09. Oh, My Papa
10. I Can't Stop Loving You
11. I Left My Heart in San Francisco
12. Buttons And Bows
13. Petite Fleur
14. Sayonara
15. Domino
16. Sealed with A Kiss
01.Nordisle Bois Orchestra - Blue Tango
02.Nordisle Bois Orchestra - Hernando's Hideaway
03.Columbia Ballroom Orchestra - Tennessee Waltz
04.Columbia Ballroom Orchestra - Fascination
05.Denon Cuban Boys - Historia de un amor
06.Denon Cuban Boys - Jamaica Farewell
07.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - It's Magic
08.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Again
09.Columbia Ballroom Orchestra - Perlenfischer Tango
10.Nordisle Bois Orchestra - Jalous
11.Columbia Ballroom Orchestra - Tammy
12.Columbia Ballroom Orchestra - Venus Waltz
13.Denon Cuban Boys - Basame Mucho
14.Denon Cuban Boys - The Breeze And I
15.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - My Foolish Heart
16.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Some Enchanted Evening
01.Alan Jason and His Orchestra - Autumn Leaves
02.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Dream
03.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - I Really Don't Want To
Know
04.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Johnny Guitar
05.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Hush-A-Bye
06.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Mona Lisa
07.Columbia Ballroom Orchestra - Try To Remember
08.Nordisle Bois Orchestra - The Impossible Dream
09.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Singing In The Rain
10.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Jambalaya
11.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Puff
12.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Would I Love You
13.Columbia Ballroom Orchestra - As Time Goes By
14.Fresh & Noble Orchestra - Tea For Two
15.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Love Is a Many-Splendored
Thing
16.Nordisle Bois Orchestra - Love Me Tender
梦之诗3
01.Alan Jason and His Orchestra - Autumn Leaves
02.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Dream
03.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - I Really Don't Want To
Know
04.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Johnny Guitar
05.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Hush-A-Bye
06.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Mona Lisa
07.Columbia Ballroom Orchestra - Try To Remember
08.Nordisle Bois Orchestra - The Impossible Dream
09.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Singing In The Rain
10.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Jambalaya
11.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Puff
12.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Would I Love You
13.Columbia Ballroom Orchestra - As Time Goes By
14.Fresh & Noble Orchestra - Tea For Two
15.The Gene Cosmann Orchestra - Love Is a Many-Splendored
Thing
16.Nordisle Bois Orchestra - Love Me Tender
Various Artists - The poetry of The Wave
01. The Movin' Dream Orchestra / The Big Blue Overture
[0:05:43.15]
02. Tokyo New Sky Orchestra / Boy On A Dolphin
[0:02:40.58]
03. Nordisle Bois Orchestra / I'Isola Di Arturo
[0:03:59.47]
04. Nordisle Bois Orchestra / Ballade Pour Adeline
[0:03:56.40]
05. Nordisle Bois Orchestra / Penelope [0:03:52.50]
06. Nordisle Bois Orchestra / La Isla Bonita
[0:03:29.73]
07. Nordisle Bois Orchestra / The Girl From Ipanema
[0:03:15.00]
08. The Movin' Dream Orchestra / Theme From A Summer Place
[0:02:35.57]
09. Gene Cossman Orchestra / Marie La Mer [0:03:43.10]
10. The Movin' Dream Orchestra / Plein Soleil
[0:03:31.73]
11. The Movin' Dream Orchestra / The Shadow Of Tour Smile
[0:03:40.20]
12. Gene Cossman Orchestra / Moonlight Swim [0:03:54.72]
13. Gene Cossman Orchestra / Love Letters In The Sand
[0:02:19.20]
14. Nordisle Bois Orchestra / The Angel Coast
[0:04:22.15]
15. Tokyo New Sky Orchestra / Perlenfischer Tango
[0:02:15.13]
16. Gene Cossman Orchestra / La Mer [0:03:35.25]
Poetry of the Mountain 山之诗
Nippon Columbia 1990
天龙刻字 5MM1
演奏： Nordisle Bois Orchestra
曲目：
01. Yesterday Once More
02. This Masquarade
03. The Sound of Silence
04. Bridge Over Troubled Water
05. Casablanca
06. Have You Never Been Mellow?
07. Feeling
08. Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head
09. Just the Way You Are
10. Careless Whisper
11. I Just Called to Say I Love You
12. Reality Theme from "La Boom"
13. We Are the World
14. Say You, Say Me
15. Killing Me Softly With His Song
16. Charoits of Fire-Titles
大自然纯音系列《浪之诗》天龙刻字版[WAV+CUE].rar:
https://url27.ctfile.com/f/9388027-314392262-03ecd9?p=559675 (访问密码:
559675)
大自然纯音系列《梦之诗Vol.1》天龙刻字版[WAV+CUE].rar:
https://url27.ctfile.com/f/9388027-314392253-c2ba63?p=559675 (访问密码:
559675)
大自然纯音系列《梦之诗Vol.2》天龙刻字版[WAV+CUE].rar:
https://url27.ctfile.com/f/9388027-314392256-f81f2a?p=559675 (访问密码:
559675)
大自然纯音系列《梦之诗Vol.3》天龙刻字版[WAV+CUE].rar:
https://url27.ctfile.com/f/9388027-314392259-040844?p=559675 (访问密码:
559675)
大自然纯音系列《山之诗》天龙刻字版[WAV+CUE].rar:
https://url27.ctfile.com/f/9388027-314392407-8265b9?p=559675 (访问密码:
559675)
原文：[链接](https://blog.sina.com.cn/s/blog_1647c7e76010315eo.html)