---
title: 【原声大碟】《银河护卫队1-2专辑》2CDFLAC整轨
date: 2020-02-18 12:54:33
categories: APE、FLAC、MP3
tags: 纯音雅乐
---
# 【原声大碟】《银河护卫队1-2专辑》2CD[FLAC整轨]

http://static.bshare.cn/frame/images/logos/s4/huaban.gif
http://static.bshare.cn/frame/images/logos/s4/huaban.gif
专辑中文名: 银河护卫队
专辑英文名: Guardians of the Galaxy
别名: Guardians of the Galaxy Deluxe
艺术家: 原声大碟.
资源格式: FLAC
版本: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack[Deluxe Edition]
发行时间: 2014年7月29日
地区: 美国
语言: 英语
简介:
专辑介绍:
自以为是的冒险家“星爵”彼得·奎尔在偷走一块神秘球体后成为赏金猎人的头号目标,原来邪恶反派罗南对此物体垂涎已久。为了逃脱无休止的追杀,奎尔被迫和四个格格不入的乌合之众结成同盟——手持机枪的火箭浣熊、树人葛鲁特、凶残神秘的卡魔拉,以及复仇心切的毁灭者德拉克斯。然而当奎尔发现这颗球体蕴含的真正能量,以及它能给宇宙带来的巨大威胁时,他必须团结这群不入流的队友,破釜沉舟、决一死战,才有可能解救整个银河系。
The GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY DELUXE soundtrack features classic
1970s songs from the film, plus score by composer Tyler
Bate(Watchmen, Slither, Dawn of the Dead). GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY
AWESOME MIX VOL. 1 is the collection of songs featured in the film.
Music plays a major role in GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY as the 1970s
songs featured in the film are part of the storyline in a unique
way. Explaining how the songs come to play in the story, director
James Gunn says, 'One of the main story points in the movie is that
Quill has this compilation tape (Awesome Mix #1) that he got from
his mother before she died that she made for him. It was of songs
that she loved, all songs from the 1970s, and that's the only thing
he has left of his mother and that's the only thing he has left of
his home on Earth. He uses that as a connection to his past and to
the sadness that he feels of having left all that and lost all
that.'
Gunn also asked composer Tyler Bates to complete some of the tracks
for the movie before the start of principal photography so he could
play them on set. 'The score is also very important,' says Gunn.
'I've worked very hard early on with Tyler Bates, our composer,
whom I've done three other movies with, to write part of the score
ahead of time so that I'm able to use it on set for big emotional
sequences and big action sequences. We can actually play the music
on set and the actors can really understand where we're going with
it tonally. Our actors have a much better idea of what this film is
because of the music that we use, both score and soundtrack.'
From Marvel, the studio that brought you the global blockbuster
franchises of Iron Man, Thor, Captain America and The Avengers,
comes a new team the GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY. An action-packed,
epic space adventure, Marvel's GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY expands the
Marvel Cinematic Universe into the cosmos, where brash adventurer
Peter Quill finds himself the object of an unrelenting bounty hunt
after stealing a mysterious orb coveted by Ronan, a powerful
villain with ambitions that threaten the entire universe. To evade
the ever-persistent Ronan, Quill is forced into an uneasy truce
with a quartet of disparate misfits Rocket, a gun-toting raccoon,
Groot, a tree-like humanoid, the deadly and enigmatic Gamora and
the revenge-driven Drax the Destroyer. But when Quill discovers the
true power of the orb and the menace it poses to the cosmos, he
must do his best to rally his ragtag rivals for a last, desperate
stand with the galaxy's fate in the balance.
Marvel's GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY, which first appeared in comic
books in Marvel Super-Heroes, Issue #18 (Jan. 1969), stars Chris
Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Dave Bautista, featuring Vin Diesel as Groot,
Bradley Cooper as Rocket, Lee Pace, Michael Rooker, Karen Gillan,
Djimon Hounsou, with John C. Reilly, Glenn Close as Nova Prime and
Benicio Del Toro as The Collector. James Gunn is the director of
the film with Kevin Feige, p.g.a., producing. Louis D'Esposito,
Alan Fine, Victoria Alonso, Jeremy Latcham, Nik Korda and Stan Lee
serve as executive producers. Marvel's GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY is
written by James Gunn and Nicole Perlman.
专辑曲目:
Disc 1: Awesome Mix Vol.1
01. Blue Swede - Hooked on a Feeling
02. Raspberries - Go All the Way
03. Norman Greenbaum - Spirit in the Sky
04. David Bowie - Moonage Daydream
05. Elvin Bishop - Fooled Around and Fell in Love
06. 10cc - I'm Not in Love
07. The Jackson 5 - I want You Back
08. Redbone - Come And Get Your Love
09. The Runaways - Cherry Bomb
10. Rupert Holmes - Escape (The Pina Colada Song)
11. Five Stairsteps - O-O-H Child
12. Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell - Ain't No Mountain High
Enough
Disc 2: Orignal Score By Tyler Bates
01. Morag
02. The Final Battle Begins
03. Plasma Ball
04. Quill's Big Retreat
05. To the Stars
06. Ronan's Theme
07. Everyone's an Idiot
08. What a Bunch of A-Holes
09. Busted
10. The New Meat
11. The Destroyer
12. Sanctuary
13. The Kyln Escape
14. Don't Mess With My Walkman
15. The Great Companion
16. The Road to Knowhere
17. The Collector
18. Ronan's Arrival
19. The Pod Chase
20. Sacrifice
21. We All Got Dead People
22. The Ballad of the Nova Corps.
23. Groot Spores
24. Guardians United
25. The Big Blast
26. Groot Cocoon
27. Black Tears
28. Citizens Unite
29. A Nova Upgrade
专辑中文名: 银河护卫队2
专辑英文名: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2
别名: 星际异攻队2(台), Vol. 2 Guardians of the Galaxy: Awesome Mix Vol.
2
艺术家: 原声大碟.
资源格式: FLAC
版本: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
发行时间: 2017年4月21日
地区: 美国
语言: 英语
简介:
专辑介绍:
漫威影业最新力作《银河护卫队2》带着全新劲爆好听的“劲歌金曲第二辑”回归大银幕！银河护卫队在本集中穿越宇宙，继续外太空的史诗冒险之旅。他们必须共同作战，守护彼此；同时要解开“星爵”彼得·奎尔的身世之谜。旧日敌人变为盟友，漫画中深受喜爱的角色也会现身，对护卫队出手援助。漫威电影宇宙则将持续扩张，进入新纪元！
Set to the all-new sonic backdrop of Awesome Mixtape #2, Marvel
Studios' "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" continues the team's
adventures as they traverse the outer reaches of the cosmos. The
Guardians must fight to keep their newfound family together as they
unravel the mystery of Peter Quill's true parentage. Old foes
become new allies and fan-favorite characters from the classic
comics will come to our heroes' aid as the Marvel Cinematic
Universe continues to expand.
"Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" is written and directed by James
Gunn and stars Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Dave Bautista, featuring
Vin Diesel as Baby Groot, Bradley Cooper as Rocket, Michael Rooker,
Karen Gillan, Pom Klementieff, Elizabeth Debicki, Chris Sullivan,
Sean Gunn, Tommy Flanagan, Laura Haddock, with Sylvester Stallone,
and Kurt Russell. Kevin Feige is producing, and Louis D'Esposito,
Victoria Alonso, Jonathan Schwartz, Nikolas Korda and Stan Lee are
the executive producers. Marvel Studios' "Guardians of the Galaxy
Vol. 2" blasts into theaters on May 5, 2017.
专辑曲目:
01. Electric Light Orchestra – Mr. Blue Sky (5:03)
02. The Sweet – Fox on the Run (3:25)
03. Aliotta Haynes Jeremiah – Lake Shore Drive (3:49)
04. Fleetwood Mac – The Chain (4:27)
05. Sam Cooke – Bring It on Home to Me (2:43)
06. Glen Campbell – Southern Nights (2:57)
07. George Harrison – My Sweet Lord (4:37)
08. Looking Glass – Brandy (You're a Fine Girl) (3:03)
09. Jay & The Americans – Come a Little Bit Closer (2:46)
10. Silver – Wham Bam Shang-A-Lang (3:32)
11. Cheap Trick – Surrender (4:14)
12. Cat Stevens – Father and Son (3:39)
13. Parliament – Flash Light (4:28)
14. The Sneepers – Guardians Inferno (feat. David Hasselhoff)
(3:16)
下载地址：
以下内容跟帖回复才能看到
==============================
原声大碟.-.[银河护卫队.-.Guardians.of.the.Galaxy.Deluxe].专辑.(FLAC).rar
原声大碟.-.[银河护卫队2.-.Guardians.of.the.Galaxy.Awesome.Mix.Vol.2].专辑.(FLAC).rar
==============================
原文：[链接](https://blog.sina.com.cn/s/blog_1647c7e7601030k39.html)