---
title: ABBA阿巴合唱团1979-Voulez-VouzFLAC+CUE
date: 2022-03-31 06:43:44
categories: 外语音乐
tags: 外语音乐
---
# ABBA阿巴合唱团1979-Voulez-Vouz[FLAC+CUE]

专辑名：Voulez-Vous
歌手：ABBA
唱片公司：Polygram
发行时间：1979-06-01
简介：
That it took nearly
a year to record Voulez-Vous is an indicator of the creative and
personal box in which the four members of ABBA found themselves at
the end of the ''70s. Their sixth album coincided with the marital
split between Agnetha F?tskog and Bj?n Ulvaeus and the massively
shifting currents in popular music, with disco, which had been on
the wane, suddenly undergoing a renaissance thanks to the 1977
movie Saturday Night Fever. Thus, about half of Voulez-Vous shows
the heavy influence of the Bee Gees from their megahit disco era.
This is shown not just in the fact that the backing track for the
title song was cut at Criteria Studios in Miami, where the Bee Gees
had cut Main Course, Children of the World, and most of the rest of
their disco-era music, but through the funky beat that ran through
much of the material; yet the album still had a pair of soft,
lyrical Europop-style ballads, "I Have a Dream" and "Chiquitita,"
both of which proved as popular as any of the more dance-oriented
songs, and were reminders of F?tskog''s and Ulvaeus'' roots, in
particular, in popular folk music during the mid- to late ''60s.
Those two songs, plus "Angeleyes," "Does Your Mother Know," and the
title cut, were all Top Five singles in England, although only
"Chiquitita" was even a Top 40 hit in America, where the album''s
sales peaked at a modest 500,000 or so. [Voulez-Vous, which
originally appeared in America on the Atlantic label, was reissued
by PolyGram in an upgraded remastered form on CD in 1999, and then
in a further upgrade by Universal Music in digipack form with
extensive historical notes and full lyrics in the fall of 2001,
with three bonus cuts. "Summer Night City" only reinforced the
stylistic connection of the sessions with the Bee Gees, while the
undeservedly overlooked "Lovelight" was a non-LP B-side to
"Chiquitita" and "Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! (A Man After Midnight)" was
the hit that emerged immediately after the LP, to coincide with the
quartet''s upcoming tour. The sound on the 2001 reissue makes it
superior to any prior edition, all of the vocals coming through
with startling clarity and details, such as the crunchy guitar on
"Does Your Mother Know" punching through like it''s in the same
room with you. Coupled with the opulent packaging, it''s the
obvious choice for anyone looking to buy this
record.]
下载地址：
ABBA阿巴合唱团1979-Voulez-Vouz[FLAC+CUE].rar: https://url27.ctfile.com/f/9388027-503875039-1b58d7
（访问密码：559675）
ABBA阿巴合唱团
https://url27.ctfile.com/d/9388027-44368104-328498
（访问密码：559675）
原文：[链接](https://blog.sina.com.cn/s/blog_1647c7e7601030wfz.html)