---
title: ShaniaTwain《ComeOnOver》欧首版WAV+CUE
date: 2022-12-17 17:18:52
categories: 外语音乐
tags: 外语音乐
---
# ShaniaTwain《ComeOnOver》欧首版[WAV+CUE]

专辑英文名: Come On Over
歌手中文名: 仙妮亚·唐恩
歌手英文名：Shania Twain
资源格式：整轨WAV + 扫图 + LOG
音乐风格: Country music
唱片公司: Mercury
发行时间: 1999年11月23日
语种: 英语
版本：欧版
光盘内圈码:558 000-2 01 MADE IN GERMANY BY PMDC IFPI L003
唱片证书出版编号: 7/31455/80002/9
专辑介绍：
by Stephen Thomas Erlewine
The week the Come on Over: The International Version appeared in
the States,
Come on Over
was still in the Top 20 after spending over two years on the
charts and selling over 14 million copies. That is massive success
and it's all the more remarkable because the hits on pop radio were
not on the album. Each single was remixed and refurbished -- most
notably the dance reworking of "That Don't Impress Me Much" -- with
an eye on Top 40 and adult contemporary radio, plus foreign markets
that wanted Shania the pop diva, not Twain the country crooner.
Actually, the original versions weren't all that country to begin
with; they were adult contemporary pop tunes with the occasional
violin or steel guitar -- enough to make
Come on Over
seem like country on the surface, but at its heart, it was pop
music. That's why the single remixes were so successful -- they
revealed the true nature of the song. Similarly, The International
Version feels more genuine than the original, since it has no
qualms embracing the gaudy thrills of pop. Every cut on
Come on Over
has been remixed for this version and the sequencing has
changed. Each track benefits from this tinkering, since these
versions are giddily infectious and present Shania as the pop diva
she really is. In this incarnation,
Come on Over
stands as the best pop diva album of the late '90s -- playful,
funny, tuneful, catchy, amusing, sexy. No diva has delivered a
record this consistently fun in years -- not
Mariah
, not
Whitney
, not
Madonna
(who abandoned the whole idea of fun during the '90s, anyway).
Sure, almost all of its best qualities are on the surface but
that's precisely why it's irresistible.
专辑曲目:
01 You're Still The One
02 When
03 From This Moment On
04 Black Eyes,Blue Tears
05 I Won't Leave You Lonely
06 I'm Holdin' On To Love(To Save My Life)
07 Come On Over
08 You've Got A Way
09 Whatever You Do! Don't!
10 Man! I Feel Like A Woman!
11 Love Gets Me Every Time
12 Don't Be Stupid(You Know I Love You)
13 That Don't Impress Me Much
14 Honey,I'm Home
15 If You Wanna Touch Her,Ask!
16 Rock This Country!
下载地址：
Shania Twain《Come On Over》欧首版[WAV+CUE].rar: https://url27.ctfile.com/f/9388027-749197830-e4b478?p=559675
(访问密码: 559675)
原文：[链接](https://blog.sina.com.cn/s/blog_1647c7e76010310m0.html)