---
title: 群星-MYAUGUST9TH：50WONDERFULYEARS2CD新加坡版WAV+CUE
date: 2022-04-03 08:24:06
categories: WAV车载音乐、镜像
tags: 国语流行
---
# 群星-MYAUGUST9TH：50WONDERFULYEARS2CD[新加坡版]WAV+CUE

https://q.115.com/imgload?r=fhnimg_607ffec8a601745986e7e5c6957ad4c04abd19e5_2567_2288&u=lTr6HK&s=rqaPtAJ-Bp23u.h3Svi.gw&e=5&st=0
简介:
2015年8月9日是新加坡建国50周年纪念日，新加坡本地歌手齐聚欢唱爱国歌曲并发行合辑，合辑收录孙燕姿、林俊杰、许美静、陈洁仪、蔡健雅、蔡淳佳、Olivia
Ong、Dick
Lee等新加坡歌手及音音乐人的作品，可在各大数字音乐平台收听。实体CD由新加坡Popular大众书局独家销售。
语种：
英语、国语
唱片公司：
Music &
Movement / Warner Music
发行时间：
2015年07月31日
专辑类别：
合集、杂锦
2015年8月9日是新加坡建国50周年纪念日，新加坡本地歌手齐聚欢唱爱国歌曲并发行合辑，合辑收录孙燕姿、林俊杰、许美静、陈洁仪、蔡健雅、蔡淳佳、Olivia
Ong、Dick
Lee等新加坡歌手及音音乐人的作品，可在各大数字音乐平台收听。实体CD由新加坡Popular大众书局独家销售。
If all the
National Day songs were compiled in the right order on a CD, would
you play it in the car on the way to
work?
Mr Lim Sek, 56,
chief executive of events and management company Music and
Movement, believes it would be.
"If I just
arranged the songs according to the year they debuted, it would be
a boring playlist. That's why I put the more upbeat songs together
and the ballads together, and it suddenly becomes the kind of CD
you would listen to on your morning drive to work," he
says.
He spearheaded
the production of My August 9th - 50 Wonderful Years, a two-disc
collection of all the original versions of the 27 National Day
songs to date, from Stand Up For Singapore (1984) to JJ Lin's Our
Singapore (2015).
It is the first
complete compilation of National Day theme songs that were written
for and performed at National Day parades since 1984. It is
available at all Popular bookstores for $22.90 and from Apple's
iTunes store for $9.98.
Given that this
year is Singapore's Golden Jubilee and such a compilation of
National Day songs had never been produced, it is surprising that
the idea to do it came about only two months
ago.
Mr Lim says: "The
idea came about in late June when I was talking to singer and
composer Dick Lee. We realised that it hadn't been done yet and we
were shocked. Especially as it's our 50th National Day, all the
more reason we should have a definitive
collection."
My August 9th was
compiled by Music and Movement, with marketing from Warner
Music.
The Ministry of
Culture, Community and Youth (MCCY) and the Composers and Authors
Society of Singapore (Compass) also assisted in the production of
the album by granting Lim the rights to use the songs and providing
useful contacts to obtain the original copies of the
songs.
The production
was surprisingly difficult. As the songs were not stored in a
central system, he had to approach the individual National Day
Parade committees and the original singers and composers to get
copies of the songs.
"Previously, the
only place you could get all the songs was on YouTube. However, the
quality wasn't that good, so we had to source it from committee
members' personal collections," he
says.
Forty per cent of
the sales of the CDs will go to the Sing50 Fund, which originates
from the Sing50 mega concert held last night and which aims to
promote Singaporean music and musical talents in
schools.
The Ministry of
Culture, Community and Youth required a part of the profit to be
given to charity and Mr Lim chose Sing50 as the
beneficiary.
The ministry will
also be giving copies to schools under the Sing50 fund. Mr Lim
says: "It's just appropriate to be using the money earned from a CD
featuring local artists to support a fund that aims to nurture
future singing talents."
Although the
album contains song lyrics, as well as personal messages from most
of the artists,
Mr Lim is
disappointed that the compilation does not contain other extras,
such as a sing-along version of each of the songs and an in-depth
booklet containing more information about
them.
"We were pressed
for time this year. We can do an even better compilation next year
and include things such as music videos and sheet music and make it
an even more definitive collector's edition of NDP songs," he
says.
Above all, he is
convinced the double-CD will not be something people will play only
in August every year.
"After listening
to it a few more times, I realised that the songs aren't just NDP
songs. They're pop songs in their own
right.
"I think as a
nation, we should be proud that we've managed to produce so many
musical talents and that all the songs are so good."
Disc 1
01. Our Singapore
- 林俊杰
02. Home -
陈洁仪
03. One United
People (2003 Singapore National Song) - 孙燕姿
04. 星月 -
许美静
05. Song For
Singapore - CORRINNE MAY YING FOO
06. Where I
Belong - 蔡健雅
07. What Do You
See - Electrico
08. In a
Heartbeat - Sylvia Ratonel
09. Together -
陈毓芸 & 梦·飞船
10. Shine For
Singapore - Hady Mirza
11. Will You -
Stage and Theare Artists
12. 一起走过 -
孙燕姿
13. Count On Me
Singapore - Clement Chow
14. Stand Up For
Singapore - JEREMY MONTEIRO, Hugh Harrison, Anne Weerapass, Robert
Fernando, Roslinda Baharudin & Jonathan Tan Teck Meng
Disc 2
15. Our Singapore
- 李迪文
16. We Will Get
There - 孙燕姿
17. There's No
Place I'd Rather Be - 陈洁仪
18. Love At First
Light - 王俪婷 & Natanya Tan
19. Reach Out For
the Skies - Taufik Batisah & Rui En
20. 晴空万里 -
蔡淳佳
21. One Singapore
- Sing A Nation Choir
22. Shine On Me -
Jai
23. My Island
Home - 龚诗嘉
24. 就在这里 -
陈伟联
25. One People,
One Nation, One Singapore - JEREMY MONTEIRO, Hugh Harrison, Anne
Weerapass, Robert Fernando, Roslinda Baharudin & Jonathan Tan
Teck Meng
26. We Are
Singapore - Jonathan Tan Teck Meng, Roslinda Baharudin, Robert
Fernando & Anne Weerapass
27. 家 - 陈洁仪
下载地址：
群星 -MY AUGUST 9TH：50 WONDERFUL
YEARS 2CD[新加坡版] 2015 WAV+CUE--1.rar: https://url27.ctfile.com/f/9388027-562669777-5a8a83 （访问密码：559675）
群星 -MY AUGUST 9TH：50 WONDERFUL YEARS 2CD[新加坡版] 2015
WAV+CUE--2.rar: https://url27.ctfile.com/f/9388027-562669773-a77828 （访问密码：559675）
港台歌星
https://u9388027.pipipan.com/dir/9388027-30073965-6d48e1/
群星WAV专辑
https://u9388027.pipipan.com/dir/9388027-19437416-e1200b/
原文：[链接](https://blog.sina.com.cn/s/blog_1647c7e7601030whp.html)